c:\users\gilberto.pavanelli\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketSample\server\bin\Debug\server.exe.config
c:\users\gilberto.pavanelli\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketSample\server\bin\Debug\server.exe
c:\users\gilberto.pavanelli\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketSample\server\bin\Debug\server.pdb
c:\users\gilberto.pavanelli\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketSample\server\obj\Debug\server.exe
c:\users\gilberto.pavanelli\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketSample\server\obj\Debug\server.pdb
c:\users\gilberto.pavanelli\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketSample\server\obj\Debug\server.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gilberto.pavanelli\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketSample\server\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\gilberto.pavanelli\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketSample\server\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\gilberto.pavanelli\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketSample\server\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\gilberto.pavanelli\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketSample\server\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\gilberto.pavanelli\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketSample\server\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\gilberto.pavanelli\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketSample\server\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
C:\Users\gilberto.pavanelli\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketSample\server\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary.dll
C:\Users\gilberto.pavanelli\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketSample\server\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\gilberto.pavanelli\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketWay2\server\bin\Debug\server.exe.config
C:\Users\gilberto.pavanelli\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketWay2\server\obj\Debug\server.exe
C:\Users\gilberto.pavanelli\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketWay2\server\obj\Debug\server.pdb
C:\Users\gilberto.pavanelli\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketWay2\server\bin\Debug\server.exe
C:\Users\gilberto.pavanelli\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketWay2\server\bin\Debug\server.pdb
C:\Users\gilberto.pavanelli\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketWay2\server\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary.dll
C:\Users\gilberto.pavanelli\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketWay2\server\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
C:\Users\gilberto.pavanelli\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketWay2\server\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
C:\Users\gilberto.pavanelli\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketWay2\server\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
C:\Users\gilberto.pavanelli\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketWay2\server\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\gilberto.pavanelli\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketWay2\server\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
C:\Users\gilberto.pavanelli\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketWay2\server\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
C:\Users\gilberto.pavanelli\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketWay2\server\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
C:\Users\gilberto.pavanelli\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\AsyncSocketWay2\server\obj\Debug\server.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
